Create draft of HTTP Event Streams (#8698)
auth0/docs: articles/logs/streams/http-event.md

---
title: HTTP Event Log Streams
description: HTTP Event Log Streams let you export your events in near real-time to your own server.
toc: false
topics:
 - logs
 - streams
 - event-streams
 - http-event
contentType: how-to
---

# HTTP Event Log Streams

> HTTP Event Log Streams let you export your log events in near real-time to the server or target of your choice. When Auth0 creates a log entry for your tenant, a copy is sent to a given URL via an HTTP POST request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP Event Log Streams let you export your log events to the server or target of your choice. When Auth0 creates a log entry for your tenant, a copy is automatically sent to a given URL via an HTTP POST request.
```

If you use Amazon Web Services, Auth0 also offers an [AWS EventBridge integration](/integrations/aws-eventbridge).

## Create an HTTP Event Stream

1. Login to the [Auth0 Dashboard](${manage_url}).
2. Navigate to **Logs > Streams**.
3. Click **+ Create Stream**.
4. Select **Custom Webhook** and enter a unique name for your new HTTP Event Stream.
5. On the next screen, provide the following settings for your HTTP Event Stream:

| Setting | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| Name | A unique display name to distinguish this integration from other integrations |
| Payload URL | The URL where the event payloads are sent as HTTP POST requests. |
| Authorization Token | (Optional) Set in the Authorization header of the request if provided. |
| Content Type | The media type of the payload that will be delivered to the webhook. |

> ![Create a new HTTP Event Log Stream](/media/articles/logs/http-event-stream.png)

Reviewer 2: @erjohnson we've tweaked the UI slightly to improve some copy and indentation of the sample payload. Would it be possible to take a new screenshot?
